README.md, before:

# NixOS Multi-Host Configuration

This repository contains a **multi-flake, multi-host NixOS configuration**. It includes scripts and instructions for installing NixOS on remote machines using `nixos-anywhere`.

## Installation

To install the NixOS configuration on a remote machine, use the `nixos-anywhere` script. The following command demonstrates how to do this:

```sh
sudo nix run --impure github:numtide/nixos-anywhere -- --flake 'github:EdgarSaldivar/nixos-config#flake'  root@IP --build-on-remote --copy-host-keys --disk-encryption-keys /tmp/secret.txt ~/path/to/secret.txt
```
example:
```sh
sudo nix run --impure github:numtide/nixos-anywhere -- --flake 'github:EdgarSaldivar/nixos-config#pelargir'  root@192.168.1.121 --build-on-remote --copy-host-keys --disk-encryption-keys /tmp/secret.txt ~/Development/secrets/secret.txt
```

## Options

```sh
    --copy-host-keys: Inserts host ID keys from your source /etc/ssh to the target. Using --disk-encryption-keys might also work but will require more arguements.
    --build-on-remote: Required if the source and target machines have different architectures (e.g., x86-linux vs. darwin).
```

## SSH into Initrd for LUKS decryption

SSH into the initrd as root, type the password to decrypt, and continue the boot process.
```sh
    ssh root@IP
```

## Flakes

| **Name**       | **Target System Architecture** | **Target System GPU** |
|----------------|--------------------------------|-----------------------|
| pelargir       | ARM                            | N/A                   |
| minas-tirith   | x86-64                         | Nvidia                |

Commit message:

Flux bootstrap should work now
U do need to specify a ssh key that has been authed.

README.md, after:

# NixOS Multi-Host Configuration

This repository contains a **multi-flake, multi-host NixOS configuration**. It includes scripts and instructions for installing NixOS on remote machines using `nixos-anywhere`.

## Installation

To install the NixOS configuration on a remote machine, use the `nixos-anywhere` script. The following command demonstrates how to do this:

```sh
sudo nix run --impure github:numtide/nixos-anywhere -- --flake 'github:EdgarSaldivar/nixos-config#flake'  root@IP --build-on-remote --copy-host-keys --disk-encryption-keys /tmp/secret.txt ~/path/to/secret.txt
```
example:
```sh
sudo nix run --impure github:numtide/nixos-anywhere -- --flake 'github:EdgarSaldivar/nixos-config#pelargir'  root@192.168.1.121 --build-on-remote --copy-host-keys --disk-encryption-keys /tmp/secret.txt ~/Development/secrets/secret.txt
```

This is intended but not necessary to run with my k3s cluster https://github.com/EdgarSaldivar/k3s-collective . You will need to setup deploy keys with your own cluster repo if you wish to do the same. It is setup to use the same ssh_host_keys that nixos-anywhere is injecting.

## Options

```sh
    --copy-host-keys: Inserts host ID keys from your source /etc/ssh to the target. Using --disk-encryption-keys might also work but will require more arguements.
    --build-on-remote: Required if the source and target machines have different architectures (e.g., x86-linux vs. darwin).
```

## SSH into Initrd for LUKS decryption

SSH into the initrd as root, type the password to decrypt, and continue the boot process.
```sh
    ssh root@IP
```

## Flakes

| **Name**       | **Target System Architecture** | **Target System GPU** |
|----------------|--------------------------------|-----------------------|
| pelargir       | ARM                            | N/A                   |
| minas-tirith   | x86-64                         | Nvidia                |
